Add explanation for Websocket timeouts. (#3536)
zowe/docs-site: docs/user-guide/api-mediation/configuration-connection-limits.md

1. Open the file `zowe.yaml`.
2. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.server.maxConnectionsPerRoute` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer.
3. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.server.maxTotalConnections` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer.

## Websocket Limits

The API Mediation Layer supports Websocket connections. It's possible to configure the limits around timeouts, all the values are in miliseconds. This may be relevant if you see problems for example around the usage of TN32790 terminal in Virtual Desktop. 

```
zowe:
  components:
    gateway:
      apiml:
        server:
          websocket:
            connectTimeout: 15000
            stopTimeout: 30000
            asyncWriteTimeout: 60000
            maxIdleTimeout:3600000
```

Use the following procedure to change the limits:

1. Open the file `zowe.yaml`.
2. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.apiml.server.websocket.connectTimeout` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer. This timeout limits how long the API Gateway waits untill it drops connection if it can't reach the target server.

> 3. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.apiml.server.websocket.` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer. This timeout handles how long the API Gateway waits before it fails on stop message for teh Websocket connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.server.websocket.stopTimeout` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer. This timeout handles how long the API Gateway waits before it fails on stop message for the Websocket connection. Default is 30 seconds.
```

> 4. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.apiml.server.websocket.` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer. This timeout handles how long it takes before the server fails with unsuccessful response when trying to write message to the Websocket connection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.apiml.websocket.asyncWriteTimeout` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer. This timeout handles how long it takes before the server fails with unsuccessful response when trying to write message to the Websocket connection. Default is 60 seconds.
```

> 5. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.apiml.server.websocket.` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer. This timeout handles how long the Websocket connection remains open if there is no communication happening over the open connection. 

Reviewer: the properties' prefix is `zowe.components.gateway.server`, without the apiml part

Author: Changed everywhere.

> 5. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.apiml.server.websocket.` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer. This timeout handles how long the Websocket connection remains open if there is no communication happening over the open connection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Find or add the property `zowe.components.gateway.apiml.websocket.maxIdleTimeout` and set the value to an appropriate positive integer. This timeout handles how long the Websocket connection remains open if there is no communication happening over the open connection. Default is one hour.
```
